1. To read
	a. Difference between statically typed and dynamically typed languages
	b. Scripting and Programming languages
	c. Paradigms

Ans : Read thoroughly 

2. Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 and HTTP2 ?

Ans:

HTTP1.1 - 
a. HTTP stands for HyperTextTransferProtocol and it's version HTTP1.1 was introduced in 1997 which is a bit advanced version compared to HTTP1
b. It supports multiple requests and responses from every TCP connection unlike single request/response from HTTP1
c. The Upgrade header was used to indicate a preference from the client and made it possible to switch to a more preferred protocol if found appropriate by the server
d. pipelining which is the second request is sent before the response to the first works properly
e. content negotiation which is an exchange between client and server to determine the media type, it also provides the way to serve different versions of a resource at the same URL

HTTP2 -
a. It introduces the multiplexing that leaves the requests and responses without head-of-line blocking and it would be doing over a single TCP connection.
b. It is a binary protocol i.e. only binary commands in the form of 0s and 1s are transmitted over the wire
c. It uses HPACK header compression algorithm that is resilient to attacks like CRIME and utilizes static Huffman 
d. Security concerns from previous versions will continue to be seen in HTTP/2 but, it is better equipped to deal with them due to new TLS features like connection error of type Inadequate_Security
e. HTTP/2 penetration on the client side is more than 70% as most major browsers support HTTP/2 and on the server side we have major tech giants like Google, Facebook, Nginx, etc

3. Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript ?

Ans:

1. Objects in Javascript are used to store multiple variables unlike other datatypes like Number/String/boolean/null etc..,
2. Objects store properties and it's values like "key:value" pairs covered with curly braces
3. We can call the object property values with a dot notation combined with property name
   Eg: let a = {"name":"Jagadeesh", "age":"24", "location":"Hyderabad"}
   Now, to call any value, Print a.name, a.age, a.location which gives the results "Jagadeesh",         "24", "Hyderabad".
4. We can also call the object property values with a box notation like below
   Eg: let a = {"name":"Jagadeesh", "age":"24", "location":"Hyderabad"}
   Now, to call any value, Print a['name'], a['age'], a['location']
5. Now, to print all the properties and their values in an object, we can use a for loop.
   Among all the for loops available, "for-in" loop would be most feasible loop to use for objects as    we need to call both keys or values or both which is possible with "for-in" loop.
6. An Object can also be created using "new" keyword and set the values for it
   var job = new Object();
   job.name = "IT Employee";
   job.designation = "Test Engineer";
   job.location = "Bangalore";

4. Codekata Practice ?

Ans:

80 Geekscoins have been earned thru codekata problem solving today